HOSPITAL AND THIS AREA OF THE
GAZA STRIP.
>> THAT IS TERRIFYING AND SAD.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>>> ALSO, WITH US NOW IS NATO
SUPREME ALLIED RETIRED
COMMANDER, WESLEY CLARK.
AND AS YOU ARE LOOKING AT THIS,
AN OFFICIAL FAMILIAR WITH THE
INTELLIGENCE SAYS THAT THEY ARE
CERTAIN THAT THERE IS A COMMAND
HAMAS CENTER UNDERNEATH THE
HOSPITAL, AND THEY USE THE FUEL
INTENDED FOR THAT HOSPITAL, AND
FROM THAT OFFICIAL FROM THE
QUODS, THEY ARE WAITING TO BE
EVACUATED, BUT YOU CAN SEE IN
THE FOOTAGE OF THE IDF, AND WHAT
THEY HAVE CIRCLED AS A DOOR AND
GOING IN AND OUT OF THE DOOR,
AND GENERAL, CAN YOU TALK ABOUT
THIS, AND HOW HAMAS USES THESE
STRUCTURES, AND HOW THAT COME
PLI KATES THE YERL EFFOR -- HOW
COMPLICATES THE EFFORTS IN THAT
REGION.
>> THIS IS LONG DEVELOPED BY
HAMAS TO USE LONG DEVELOPED LAND
WARFARE TO BRING GLOBAL PRESSURE
AGAINST THE ISRAELIS WHEN THEY
RETALIATED.
SO THE TUNNEL AT WORK HAS BEEN
BUILT THE HOSPITALS, AND THIS IS
THE NEXUS OF THE TUNNELS.
HAMAS DID IT DELIBERATELY.
AND NOW, THE ISRAELIS ARE UNDER
INTERNATIONAL LAW.
THEY CANNOT BOMB HOSPITALS.
THEY HAVE NOT BOMBED THIS
HOSPITAL, BUT THEY DO HAVE THE
RIGHT TO SELF-DEFENSE.
THEY HAVE THE GO INTO THE
HOSPITALS AND GET INTO THE
COMMAND NODES, AND MAYBE THEY
HAVE BEEN EVACUATED BY THEN, BUT
THERE IS A FIGHT FOR THIS, AND A
CONCERN ABOUT THIS BY THE
ISRAELIS, AND TO TRY TO AVOID
THE GLOBAL IMPLICATIONS OF WHAT
THEY ARE DOING.
BUT THEY ARE STILL BOUND BY THE
LAWS OF PLANNED WARFARE.
SO YOU HAVE ONE SIDE LEGALLY
TRYING TO DEAL WITH THE ENEMY,
AND THE OTHER SIDE WHICH IS
CYNICALLY EXPLOITING
INTERNATIONAL LAW, AND PUTTING
THEIR OWN PEOPLE AT RISK AND
USING THEM AS HOSTAGES.
THAT IS WHAT THIS IS ABOUT,
JOHN.
>> AGAIN, YOU ARE SEEING THE
IMAGES OF THE ONES OF THE BABIES
THERE OF THE NEONATAL UNIT OUT
OF THE INCUE BAYS OR THE AND
WARMED BY TINFOIL AND WATERS,
AND IMAGES THAT ARE DOING THE
WORK OF HAMAS, BECAUSE PEOPLE
ARE SUFFERING INSIDE OF THERE,
WESLEY.
>> YES, IT IS A TERRIBLE
CONDITION, AND IT IS THE FAULT
OF HAMAS.
UNDER THE INTERNATIONAL LAW,
HAMAS SHOULD HAVE NO MILITARY
OPERATIONS, AND NO DOUBT OF THAT
HOSPITAL.
LEAVE IT.
LEAVE THE DOCTORS AND THE
PATIENTS BUT, AS LONG AS THEY
ARE USING IT BY HAMAS AS A BASE
OF OPERATION.
AND AS LONG AS THEY ARE USING IT
AS A TANK LET ME
YOU ABOUT A TANK THAT IS USED AS
PROXIES THERE TO ATTACK AMERICAN
INTERESTS.
WHAT IS HAPPENING HERE?
>> WELL, THIS IS AN EFFORT AGAIN
BY THE UNITED STATES TO STRIKE
BACK AT IRAN WHO IS THE SOURCE
OF THE PROBLEM, WITHOUT
ESCALATION.
SO IT IS BALANCE BETWEEN HITTING
THE FORCES, HITTING THE COMMAND
NODES, AND HITTING THE LOGISTIC
S AS I UNDERSTAND IT.
BECAUSE WE ARE HITTING THE
IRANIAN REVOLUTIONARY GUARDS